# Service

## Props

### `id` (string; required)

The HTML `id` property value - this is necessary in order to get tooltips to work properly. This should be generated by the `ContactInformation` component automatically.

### `accountIdentifier` (string, number; required)

Specifies how a user or account is represented for the specified service. For example, `jaebradley` would be the `accountIdentifier` value for the `GitHub` service type. Different services will have different identifier formats.

### `type` (`SERVICE_TYPE`; required)

Specifies the type of service to represent (`GitHub`, `Facebook`, etc.). Should use the `SERVICE_TYPE` constant.

### `size` (`FONT_AWESOME_SIZE`; optional)

Specifies the size of the `FontAwesome` icon. Should use the `FONT_AWESOME_SIZE` constant, which mirrors [all the different `FontAwesome` size values](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/svg-with-js).

Defaults to `FONT_AWESOME_SIZE.ONE`.

### `target` (`TARGET`; optional)

Specifies how the browser should display the related URL. This constant is a helper for the `__blank`, `__self`, `__parent`, and `__top` values.

Defaults to `TARGET.BLANK`.

### `delay` (`shape`; optional)

Specifies how the tooltip should render. The `shape` has a `show` and `hide` property, which are both `number`s. These represent the `delay` value (in `ms`) for rendering and hiding the tooltip.

The defaults are `250` and `0` for `show` and `hide`, respectively.

### `tooltipPlacement` (`TOOLTIP_PLACEMENT`; optional)

Specifies the placement of the rendered tooltip. The set of configurable options mirrors those specified by [the `reactstrap tooltips` documentation](http://reactstrap.github.io/components/tooltips/).

The default placement is `TOOLTIP_PLACEMENT.TOP`.

### `showIdentifier` (`boolean`; optional)

Specifies if the tooltip should be displayed.

The default value is `false`.